# Florida FTC 2024-25 Newsletter #12

_January 6th, 2025_

Greetings Florida FTC Teams, Coaches, Volunteers, and Sponsors:

Happy New Year and welcome to the final four weeks of the Florida FIRST Tech Challenge league 2024-25 season. The Florida Into the Deep season will wrap-up with the Florida Championship that will be held on February 28 and March 1, 2025. Fifty-six (56) teams will be invited to the Florida Championship through the Advancement process at each of our eight (8) League Tournaments. All teams within a league are eligible to attend your League Tournament.

The League Tournaments operate differently from the League Meets you have attended and there are also several changes this season to the League Tournament. The League Tournament is the final celebration of the accomplishments of all of the Florida teams and has five additional activities:

- Dean’s List student nomination will participate in an interview (interview only, no award),
- Alliance selection and play-off matches will be run immediately following the qualification matches, and
- Teams will participate in judge interviews and the FIRST judge award will be presented at the end of the day,
- Awards ceremony that includes both robot and judge awards, and
- The final activity of the League Tournaments will be to announce the teams that will be attending the Florida Championship.

The following are the topics covered in this Florida FTC newsletter to help team’s prepare for your League Tournament:

1. Judge Interview Process for League Tournaments

2. Alliance Selection and Playoff Matches

3. Teams Receiving Bids to the Florida Championship

## Newsletter Details

**Judge Interview Process for League Tournaments** – Chapter 6.0 of the Competition Manual describes the judging process and the seven required judge awards and the two optional judge awards. A key part of the judging process is that each team has the opportunity to participate in a judge interview and can submit one document to be reviewed by the judges: (1) Engineering Portfolio. This is a change from prior seasons as the Control Award form is no longer needed as it has been incorporated into the Engineering Portfolio and a Portfolio is no longer required for several of the awards. Many of the Florida leagues will be following a hybrid style league tournament which means that the 10-minute judge interview will be conducted online prior to the day of the League Tournament robot matches. This also means that teams will need to upload your Engineering Portfolio to the Online scoring software platform. Therefore, I encourage all coaches to as soon as possible ensure you are able to login to the Online Scoring Software and are able to access this feature within your league tournament. You can access the scoring software from within your FIRST dashboard or you can go directly to the scoring software by clicking on the following web page link: https://ftc-scoring.firstinspires.org/. Team coaches can user your FIRST dashboard userid and password to login to the scoring software.

**Alliance Selection and Playoff Matches** – Sections 13.6 in the Competition Manual describes the details about the Alliance Selection process and the Playoff Matches. During the Alliance Selection process, the top four or six ranked teams (if the League Tournament has 21 or more teams, there will be 6 Alliances) become alliance captains and will ask one team to join their alliance. Once the alliance teams are selected, a double elimination bracket structure will be followed to determine the Winning Alliance.

**Teams Receiving Bids to the Florida Championship** – The last thing that will happen at your League Tournaments is the announcement of teams that will advance to the Florida Championship on February 28 and March 1, 2025 at the Advent Fieldhouse in Winter Haven, FL. The teams advancing to the Florida Championship are selected based on the Order of Advancement requirements defined in section Chapter 4 of the Competition Manual. I encourage teams and coaches to review this part of the Competition Manual to understand the team advancement process. Below is the number of teams that will be advancing from each of the eight Florida leagues. If your team is selected to attend the Florida Championship, you will receive an email requesting confirmation that you will be attending the championship, and you must respond to that email within 48 hours or your spot will be given to another team. Teams attending the Florida Championship are required to pay a $200 team registration fee to help cover a small part of the cost to host this event and teams must be able to arrive in Winter Haven, FL by 11:00am on Friday, February 28 , 2025 to complete robot and field inspection and participate in the beginning of qualification matches.

Fifty-six (56) Florida FTC teams will receive an invitation to the state championship. One (1) team will be selected from the lottery submissions, one (1) team is the winner of the volunteer t-shirt design content, and fifty-four (54) will come from the League Championship Tournaments as follows:

- AeroCoast League – 6 teams
- Gulf Coast League – 8 teams
- F.U.N. League – 6 teams
- Orlando Robotics League – 6 teams
- North East Florida League – 8 teams
- ROBOT League – 6 teams
- South Florida League – 8 teams
- Space Coast League – 6 teams

_– Hans Wolf_
