# Greetings Florida FTC Teams, Coaches, Volunteers, and Sponsors

*September 5th, 2023*

Three league meets were completed yesterday (Saturday, Nov 4th) and we have three more scheduled for next Saturday. The following are the topics covered in this Florida FTC newsletter:

The following are the topics covered in this Florida FTC newsletter:

1. Event Results Published on FIRST Website
2. Florida Championship T-shirt Design Contest (Repeat)
3. Season Theme (Teams Helping Teams) and Video Contest (Repeat)

## Newsletter Details

### Event Results Published on FIRST Website

Teams have access to the results of all events within the United States.  The event details can be found on the following FIRST webpage: https://ftc-events.firstinspires.org/2023.  The best way to find the Florida league event results is to select “Florida” within the region menu in the center of the page and then press the “Update List’ button.  The events are organized by date.

### Florida Championship T-shirt Design Contest (Repeat)

This is your opportunity to get a guaranteed invitation to the Florida Championship on March 1-2, 2024.  All Florida FTC teams are eligible to submit a volunteer t-shirt design no later than November 30, 2023 and the winner will be announced by December 30, 2023.  The following are the detailed requirements for the t-shirt design:

1. Design must be emailed to hans.wolf@verizon.net no later than midnight November 30, 2023.
2. The design must be a high-resolution JPG file
3. The JPG logo design file must be a single color
4. The t-shirt must include the following: “Florida Championship 2024”
5. The t-shirt design should include the official CENTERSTAGESM presented by Raytheon Technologies game logo.

The winner of the Florida Championship volunteer t-shirt design content will receive an automatic invitation to the Florida Championship (if your team also received an invitation from your league championship than the team will receive a $200 credit to cover the registration fee).

## Season Theme (Teams Helping Teams) and Video Contest (Repeat)

I would like to hear stories from teams that have been helped by other teams.  Send me an email and tell your story. Another great opportunity will be to create a video and enter into the Florida FTC Video contest.  Please start thinking about creative ideas for a video as you will have until November 30, 2023 to create a video and potentially win a $250 or $100 gift card. The Florida FIRST Tech Challenge video competition is to celebrate Teams Helping Teams. The deadline to submit (Video Submission- Chose Season Competition as Video Type) a video is midnight (Eastern) on November 30th. The submitter will need to have the team passcode and the URL that is accessible to see the video. The video must be less than 1 minute and sufficient quality to be displayed on a large screen projection system. Teams must have permission from the copyright owners for music used in the video and indicate this in their video. The links for all submitted videos will be accessible on the website on December 2nd. You can submit multiple times but only the last submission will be available to be judged.  Your video will be played at the Florida Championship.
