# Newsletter for September 4th, 2024

Greetings Florida FTC Teams, Coaches, Volunteers, and Sponsors:

Only four more days until we DIVE℠ INTO THE DEEP℠ presented by RTX. Given the number of changes being implemented this season, I encourage all teams to attend either one of the local, in-person kick-off events or the Florida virtual kick-off event on the FIRST in Florida YouTube channel (https://youtube.com/live/CH24ZmS9GWM). This is the year of change and the year of robot design. Tune in to the kick-off event at 11:15am EDT to learn more.

The following are the topics covered in this Florida FTC newsletter:
1. Florida FTC Remote Kick-off – September 7, 2024 at 11:15pm EDT (Repeat)
2. League In-Person Kick-off Events (Repeat)
3. Studica Robotics Team Sponsorship Opportunity
4. Field Perimeter and Matts Available

## Newsletter Details

**Florida FTC Remote Kick-off – September 7, 2024 at 11:15pm EDT (Repeat)** – The Florida FTC season kick-off plans include combining our traditional online state-wide program with several local league hosted events. Stay tuned for more information in the coming weeks. The best news is that we are building a kick-off agenda that will allow 5 different activities that will include interactions with teams at each of our in-person league kick-off events. As we finalize the details of our agenda, I will send out another newsletter update in the next couple of weeks with all of the help we need from our Florida teams detailing all of the help we will need.The agenda for the state-wide online kick-off event include the Bob & Sid show and a unique AJ Tech Corner session back by popular demand. The Florida FTC 2024-25 season will officially be started with a kick-off event hosted on the FIRST in Florida YouTube channel (https://youtube.com/live/CH24ZmS9GWM). During the kick-off event, we will provide an update on the season plans as well as perform a walk-through of the INTO THE DEEP℠ game elements and rules. 

**League In-Person Kick-off Events** – I have great news about everyone’s ability to attend an in-person kick-off event. Every Florida League will have the opportunity to attend an in-person event, and all of the in-person events will play the Florida and FIRST online virtual event. Most importantly, teams will have an opportunity to participate in the Florida Kick-off event. We will be looking for some help with introducing each in-person kick-off event, answering robot rule questions, guessing the INTO THE DEEP℠ game element, and ask Bob & Sid any game specific rule questions. The following are the list of in-person event locations and the start time of each location:
* AeroCoast League (doors open at 8:00am CDT) – The Doolittle Institute, 1140 John Sims Parkway, Suite 1, Niceville, FL 32569
* F.U.N. League (doors open at 10:15am EDT) -- American Heritage Delray, 6200 Linton Blvd, Delray Beach, FL 33484
* Gulf Coast League (doors open at 9:00am EDT) – Seminole High School, 8401 131th Street, Seminole, FL 33776
* North East Florida League (doors open at 10:15am EDT) – Bolles Bartram Campus, Parker Auditorium, 2264 Bartram Rd, Jacksonville, FL 32207
* Orlando Robotics and Space Coast Leagues (doors open at 10:20am EDT) – Trinity Preparatory School, 5700 Trinity Prep Lane, Winter Park, FL 32792
* ROBOT League (doors open at 10:15am EDT) – AMRoC FabLab, 2154 University Square Mall, Tampa, FL 33612
* South Florida League (doors open at 10:15am EDT) --- Motorola Solutions Plantation, 8000 W. Sunrise Blvd., Plantation, FL 33322

**Studica Robotics Team Sponsorship Opportunity** – If you have reviewed the July 31, 2024 release of the Competition Manual, you will have seen a new robot parts vendor that has been approved by FIRST. Studica Robotics ( www.studica.com )is selling structural, motion, and electronics components that can be used to build FIRST Tech Challenge robots. Studica Robotics will be awarding a $200 team grant each month during the season and you can apply for this grant by going to the following web page: https://www.studica.com/studica-robotics-grant-application

**Field Perimeter and Matts Available** – I am giving away (first come first serve) one set of used field matts and two IFI field perimeters to any team that is within a one-hour drive of the northern Tampa area. The IFI field perimeters are the older and heavier field perimeters that can still be used by teams and competitions. I am willing to meet you within a one-hour drive from my house and would like to give the two fields to two different teams. Please reply to this email and let me know where you are located so that we can determine a shared meeting location so that I can give you the field perimeter and/or used field matts.

_– Hans Wolf_